left_login=Login: $1
left_home=System Information
left_oc=Sponsored by OpenCountry
left_feedback=Send Feedback
left_search_webmin=Search Webmin:
left_search_usermin=Search Usermin:
left_search=Search:

right_header0=System Information
right_host=System hostname
right_os=Operating system
right_login=Logged in as
right_from=Logged in from
right_webmin=Webmin version
right_usermin=Usermin Version
right_cpu=CPU load averages
right_load=$1 (1 min) $2 (5 mins) $3 (15 mins)
right_real=Real memory
right_virt=Virtual memory
right_procs=Running processes
right_disk=Local disk space
right_used=$1 total, $2 used
right_out=$1&nbsp;of&nbsp;$2
right_quota=Disk usage and quota
right_header5=Account Information
right_uquota=Disk quota and usage
right_time=Time on server


